Version 1.0.3
Removed the Add Item button from the Inventory page as it's confusing. Items, weapons etc. should be created from the Item tab then dragged to the character sheet.  
Corrected an error with the dice rolling mechanic.  
Push rolls now show total successes from both rolls.

Known issues: 
Weapon rolls on the vehicle template do not work correctly because there is no Ranged Combat attribute which should be derived from the operator (actor).  
I am considering the best way to fix this.   

Version 1.0.4
Added a "Rounds" text box to the Weapons template to allow the player to keep track of ammo.
Added the table roll number to the chat output for stress rolls.
Added prompt for Permanent Trauma to the chat message when the roll is >= 13.
Skills now show the controlling attribute.
Thanks to @Dani#2184 for his feedback.   

Version 1.0.5
Corrcted an error with default dice rolls not making sounds. 

Version 1.0.6
Added Synthetics and Mercenarys to the Career dropdowns.

Version 1.0.7
Corrected an issue with supply rolls suggesting the player needed to roll Stress when a 1 was rolled.
Incorporated PDFoundry by #DJ#1982 - Fantastic module for adding a PDF reader to Foundry. 
Corrected error with my DsN implementation not showing rolls to all players (when needed).

Version 1.0.8
Corrected error with sucess totals for supply rolls.

Version 1.0.9
Corrected error with wrong attributes assigned to some skills.

Version 1.1.0
PDFoundry is no longer bundled with AlienRPG so if you have been using this feature please make sure you install the fantastic 
module by Djphoenix.  
Improved migration code as it was not working properly for some people. 

Version 1.1.1
Included new dice images in chat developed by @shteff#8724 (many thanks) which really improves the visuals.
Corrected an error when synth data was not being migrated.
Actor data in unlocked compendiums will now be correctly migrated.  

Version 1.1.2
Added a "Panicked" check box to the conditions area to 
allow players to note when they are in a temporary or permanant panic condition.  

Version 1.1.3
Automatically sets the PC's panicked condition on stress rolls of 7+
"More Panic" mechanics implemented.  Unchecking the "Panicked" condition will reset the panic level to zero.  
Also corrected a spelling mistake. 

Version 1.1.4
Included macro improvements by @shteff#8724.  You will need to delete the existing macros and import for the Alien (macro) compendium to get the new ones. 

Version 1.1.5
Panic rolls now show total success for both rolls.
Added a better looking panic button.
Added the ability to add Stunt descriptions on the Skills tab.  Toggling the spanner icon will display the text (like Talents).
System will automatically create a folder in Items called "Skill-Stunts" and populated with items for each skill.  
Using the editor you can easily format the text as you want.  
You just need to open each skill and edit the text with the Stunts from the rule book.
Updated "Mother Instructions".       

Version 1.1.6
System should now work with Foundry V0.7.3
Added an NPC check box to the Character and Synth sheets only visible to the GM.  
If this is checked when the actor is dragged on to the Scene the Token will be set to Unlinked and Hostile.
Unchecking the NPC box will not affect existing tokens.  

Version 1.1.6 - Bug fix
In my eagerness to get the dice system working with FVTT V0.7.3 I broke the dice rolling for V0.6.6 !